[Music]
there's not long felt you have a visitor
father please find me just one piece of
bone don't go to that prison he's only
out to harm you but he knows who killed
this girl he's a psychopath and a
convicted killer
and try and destroy you
amnesty for your crimes
highly unlikely let's go tell me about
this operation action how does it feel
colluding with your former wife masters
gonna do you have nothing to say to the
family they are your own people
tears have no color killing someone is
never political killing someone is
person boy don't copy boy could tell you
a thing or two about what's buried in
this country
that heats wallets about Axl
can't forgive the likes of me
we are all connected by a common
humanity no one is beyond redemption
broom fairs going to told you if he
crosses successful there's been a bomb
threat against the Commission take off
bloom filter
we are one nation now
we had a learn to live together in this
country or we will die together in this
country
[Music]